README.md, before:

# Denormal Automotives

### DB Modeling Exercise in PostgreSQL

To run sql statements from an external file, load them into your RDBMS client and run the commands from there.

## Denormal Cars

Write your queries in `denormal_cars.sql` when instructed to.

1. Create a new postgres user named `denormal_user`.
1. Create a new database named `denormal_cars` owned by `denormal_user`.
1. Run the provided `scripts/denormal_data.sql` script on the `denormal_cars` database.
1. Inspect the table named `car_models` by running `\dS` and look at the data using some `SELECT` statements.
1. In `denormal_cars.sql` Create a query to get a list of all `make_title` values in the `car_models` table. Without any duplicate rows, this should have 71 results.
1. In `denormal_cars.sql` Create a query to list all `model_title` values where the `make_code` is `'VOLKS'`. Without any duplicate rows, this should have 27 results.
1. In `denormal_cars.sql` Create a query to list all `make_code`, `model_code`, `model_title`, and year from `car_models` where the `make_code` is `'LAM'`,  Without any duplicate rows, this should have 136 rows.
1. In `denormal_cars.sql` Create a query to list all fields from all `car_models` in years between `2010` and `2015`. Without any duplicate rows, this should have 7884 rows.


## Modeling a Normalized Schema

Write your queries in `normal_cars.sql` when instructed to.

1. Create a new postgres user named `normal_user`.
1. Create a new database named `normal_cars` owned by `normal_user`.
1. Run the provided `scripts/denormal_data.sql` script on the `normal_cars` database.
1. Whiteboard your solution to normalizing the `denormal_cars` schema.
1. [bonus] Generate a diagram (somehow) in .png (or other) format, that of your normalized cars schema. (save and commit to this repo).
1. In `normal_cars.sql` Create a query to generate the tables needed to accomplish your normalized schema, including any primary and foreign key constraints. Logical renaming of columns is allowed.
1. Using the resources that you now possess, In `normal_cars.sql` Create queries to insert **all** of the data that was in the `car_models` table, into the new normalized tables of the `normal_cars` database.
1. In `normal_cars.sql` Create a query to get a list of all `make_title` values in the `car_models` table. Without any duplicate rows, this should have 71 results.
1. In `normal_cars.sql` Create a query to list all `model_title` values where the `make_code` is `'VOLKS'` Without any duplicate rows, this should have 27 results.
1. In `normal_cars.sql` Create a query to list all `make_code`, `model_code`, `model_title`, and year from `car_models` where the `make_code` is `'LAM'`. Without any duplicate rows, this should have 136 rows.
1. In `normal_cars.sql` Create a query to list all fields from all `car_models` in years between `2010` and `2015`. Without any duplicate rows, this should have 7884 rows.

Commit message:

Update README with docker instructions

README.md, after:

# Denormal Automotives

### DB Modeling Exercise in PostgreSQL

To run sql statements from an external file, load them into your RDBMS client and run the commands from there.

## Docker Setup

Set your database name to be `denormal_cars`.
Set your database username to be `denormal_user`.
Set your database password to be `denormalPassword`.

## Denormal Cars

Write your queries in `denormal_cars.sql` when instructed to.

1. Run the provided `scripts/denormal_data.sql` script on the `denormal_cars` database.
1. Inspect the table named `car_models` by running `\dS` and look at the data using some `SELECT` statements.
1. In `denormal_cars.sql` Create a query to get a list of all `make_title` values in the `car_models` table. Without any duplicate rows, this should have 71 results.
1. In `denormal_cars.sql` Create a query to list all `model_title` values where the `make_code` is `'VOLKS'`. Without any duplicate rows, this should have 27 results.
1. In `denormal_cars.sql` Create a query to list all `make_code`, `model_code`, `model_title`, and year from `car_models` where the `make_code` is `'LAM'`,  Without any duplicate rows, this should have 136 rows.
1. In `denormal_cars.sql` Create a query to list all fields from all `car_models` in years between `2010` and `2015`. Without any duplicate rows, this should have 7884 rows.


## Modeling a Normalized Schema

Write your queries in `normal_cars.sql` when instructed to.

1. Create a new postgres user named `normal_user`.
1. Create a new database named `normal_cars` owned by `normal_user`.
1. Connect to the new database by using `\c normal_cars` in your psql client.
1. Run the provided `scripts/denormal_data.sql` script on the `normal_cars` database.
1. Whiteboard your solution to normalizing the `denormal_cars` schema.
1. [bonus] Generate a diagram (somehow) in .png (or other) format, that of your normalized cars schema. (save and commit to this repo).
1. In `normal_cars.sql` Create a query to generate the tables needed to accomplish your normalized schema, including any primary and foreign key constraints. Logical renaming of columns is allowed.
1. Using the resources that you now possess, In `normal_cars.sql` Create queries to insert **all** of the data that was in the `car_models` table, into the new normalized tables of the `normal_cars` database.
1. In `normal_cars.sql` Create a query to get a list of all `make_title` values in the `car_models` table. Without any duplicate rows, this should have 71 results.
1. In `normal_cars.sql` Create a query to list all `model_title` values where the `make_code` is `'VOLKS'` Without any duplicate rows, this should have 27 results.
1. In `normal_cars.sql` Create a query to list all `make_code`, `model_code`, `model_title`, and year from `car_models` where the `make_code` is `'LAM'`. Without any duplicate rows, this should have 136 rows.
1. In `normal_cars.sql` Create a query to list all fields from all `car_models` in years between `2010` and `2015`. Without any duplicate rows, this should have 7884 rows.
